1.	Please list all of the provinces through which the Yellow River and the Yangtze River flow together?
2.	Please list all of the five constant virtues in the Confucian ethics?
3.	Please list all of the four great towers of China?
4.	Please list all of the major planets in the solar system?
5.	Please list all of the sea areas of China?
6.	Please list all of the administrative divisions of China?
7.	Please list all of the five components of computer hardware?
8.	Please list all of the seven-tier structures of computer network system?
9.	Please list all of the components of the CPU?
10.	Please list all of the color components of pixels in color images?
11.	Please list all of the internal memory devices?
12.	Please list all of the chambers of the heart?
13.	Please list all of the Sun Yat-sen's Three People's Principles?
14.	Please list all of the Sun Yat-sen's three major policies?
15.	Please list all of the primitive people in primitive society?
16.	Please list all of the official languages of Saudi Arabia?
17.	Please list all of the Three Kingdoms period in China?
18.	Please list all of the continents of the world?
19.	Please list all of the four oceans on the earth?
20.	Please list all of the official languages of Rwanda?
21.	Please list all of the official languages of Egypt?
22.	Please list all of the official languages of Somalia?
23.	Please list all of the Four Literary Eminences in Early Tang.
24.	Please list all of the compositions of cells.
25.	Please list all of the directors of movie "NEVER SAY DIE"?
26.	Please list all of the internal components of the Earth?
27.	Please list all of the composition of the outer sphere of the Earth?
28.	Please list all of the cellular structures of animals?
29.	Please list all of the organs of plants?
30.	Please list all of the Chinese ports opened by the Nanjing Treaty?
31.	Please list all of the Chinese ports opened by the Treaty of Shimonoseki?
32.	Please list all of the colours of the Olympic rings?
33.	Please list all of the Six Relations of people.
34.	Please list all of the four couplets of rhymed poem
35.	Please list all of the provinces through which the Yellow River flows?
36.	Please list all of the provinces through which the Yangtze River flows?
37.	Please list all of the Seven Sages of the Bamboo Grove in ancient China?
38.	Please list all of the Four Great Poets in the Revival Period of Southern Song Dynasty.
39.	Please list all of the Thirteen Confucian Classics.
40.	Please list all of The Four Books and The Five Classics.
41.	Please list all of the eight most famous writers in Chinese Tang and Song Dynasties?
42.	Please list all of the large seismic zones in the world?
43.	Please list all of the crustal plates in the world?
44.	Please list all of the countries through which the Danube River flows?
45.	Please list all of the enfeoffment hierarchy in the Western Zhou Dynasty.
46.	Please list all of the overlords during the Spring and Autumn period in China?
47.	Please list all of the ethnic minority who moved inside in the Eastern Han Dynasty
48.	Please list all of the four most famous writers of Chinese Yuan Dynasty drama?
49.	Please list all of the Four Great Essayists in the Warring States.
50.	Please list all of the Seven Powers of the Warring States Period 
